Facilities Team - Introduction/Scope transcript
Wednesday, September 17th @ 2:32 PM | View at https://supernorm.al/facilities-team-introduction-scope-337d09004213475d88092888821ed5b9


[0:00] Richardson, 1.: Hello.
[0:01] Elsworth, 1.: Good.
[0:02] Josh S.: Everyone,
[0:03] BROWN U.: good
[0:03] Elsworth, 1.: afternoon. Hello.
[0:05] Josh S.: Afternoon.
[0:05] Richardson, 1.: Nice to see you again. Ashley, not seen you for a
[0:07] BROWN U.: bit. Hi,
[0:08] Richardson, 1.: nice
[0:08] BROWN U.: to see you again.
[0:08] Richardson, 1.: Carl.
[0:10] BROWN U.: Been a while.
[0:12] Richardson, 1.: I know, yeah, quite a while. You know, Sam's Joy or. Sam's here. Yeah, Sam's here as well. Hey Sam.
[0:23] Aylieff, 1.: Sorry, I was on mute. Hi, how
[0:24] Richardson, 1.: are you? Hi. Yeah, I'm good, thank you. How are you?
[0:27] Aylieff, 1.: Yeah, not bad, thank you.
[0:29] Richardson, 1.: Good, good. Well, thank you everybody for joining the call. So I guess Sam, Ashley, as before obviously we started the conversation with DXC around the scope of how facilities you share well so I'd like to talk about that on the call before we do that. It's probably worth us just do an introduction to everybody on the call. You all know me obviously, so I'll keep quiet but I'm actually Sam, are you okay to give an introduction to Hannah and Josh, if that's okay?
[0:59] Aylieff, 1.: Yep, of course. I'm the senior officer, I speak today, senior operations manager in London and I look after all the contractors. So like catering, reception, security, travel, rippographics, things like that, that's my main role.
[1:14] Richardson, 1.: Thank
[1:15] Hannah R.: you. Nice to meet you.
[1:17] Aylieff, 1.: Nice
[1:17] Hannah R.: to meet
[1:17] Aylieff, 1.: you.
[1:19] BROWN U.: Yeah, hi, I'm the contract manager for Equan. We basically look after the engineering element within the customize but also obviously manage largely the relationship with the landlord's engineering team as well. So we do, we do use the current Chairwell system on a. On a sort of daily basis if you like for fault reporting and yeah, reacting to anything that comes through.
[1:46] Richardson, 1.: Thank you. I guess. Tim, have you met Ashley and Sam before?
[1:52] Elsworth, 1.: I've emailed, yeah. But nice to meet you both. My name is Tim Ellsworth. I'm ServiceNow ba here helping getting this over the line. So anywhere I can help out I will,
[2:07] BROWN U.: thank
[2:08] Richardson, 1.: you. And Josh, are you okay to do a.
[2:10] Hannah R.: Yeah, I'll go
[2:11] Richardson, 1.: next. Ashley
[2:12] Hannah R.: and Samantha. So I'm Hannah. I'm part of the TQIMA team. I've joined the project as one of the Design leads in ServiceNow. I'll be predominantly looking after all of the ask people processes but on the project I'm also looking at how do we ensure a consistent experience across all the different areas of service now. So yeah, looking forward to working with you on this project.
[2:37] Josh S.: And hi both Samantha, Ashley, I'm Josh Sparks, also from TQIMA and similar to Hannah, I'm a design lead across ask. Mainly finance but also be looking at other areas such as your own. So looking forward to working with you both.
[2:52] BROWN U.: Yeah,
[2:52] Aylieff, 1.: thanks. Nice to meet you.
[2:54] Richardson, 1.: Lovely. Okay, so the Purpose of the core really was to obviously do introductions but also we're currently setting workshops for all different functions. That's obviously part of ShareWell at the moment to I guess scope their requirements when they move across to ServiceNow. And obviously facility is part of that, that exercise. So the idea was to introduce Anna and Josh to yourself, Salmon and Ashley, so we can kind of understand a bit more about how you use ShareWell at the moment. And I do appreciate you being through this kind of loop before to some degree. But obviously we've got a new partner now so we'd like to kind of do that again if that's okay. And then Anna and Josh are going to go away and basically I speak on their behalf here, but I guess they're going to go away and think about an appropriate agenda, you know, scheduling of a workshop, you know, who needs to be involved in that workshop from tqima's point of view, you know, the timing of that and how long it needs to kind of last and, and also you know, who we need to represent, I guess Ashurst on those workshops as well. So it's a bit of a discovery exercise I think over the next half an hour to an hour.
[4:04] Richardson, 1.: Not need all the time but we'll try and get as much as we can kind of written down and then hopefully we can make sure that when we get to the workshops we cannot waste anybody's time and quite focused on what we need to obviously get on on the day. I think workshop wise, I mean talking out of turn here I guess Josh, but anticipating it's probably going to be early November now by the time we get around to running a facilities workshop given the, you know, the work got on that between now and then. So there's no, there's no kind of immediate hurry to get anything into calendar on this. So I guess Ashen and Sam don't worry about anything been dropped at last minute. We've got plenty of time to get this organized as well. So I guess able to hand over to maybe Anna and Josh just to kind of ask some questions and prompt some kind of discussions around helping you understand obviously this does and really what the workshop needs to look like going forward.
[4:57] Hannah R.: Yeah, sure, happy to and apologies if this is kind of repeated activity that
[5:02] Richardson, 1.: you've
[5:02] Hannah R.: done with the previous. So I guess that's maybe a good first starting point of understanding. Has any work been done today in terms of listing out all of the services that you currently operate within Sherwell?
[5:18] Richardson, 1.: Ash, do you remember what you provided to dx? If Anything at all. I know
[5:21] BROWN U.: we organized,
[5:22] Richardson, 1.: I think a demonstration, didn't we?
[5:25] BROWN U.: Yeah. So
[5:26] Richardson, 1.: I joined
[5:26] BROWN U.: three of the calls and it was really, I think our involvement was really just at the discussion stage. I
[5:32] Richardson, 1.: don't
[5:32] BROWN U.: think we formalized anything in terms of providing any kind of reports. I think we got to that stage, Carl, where we were kind of face to face, weren't we? And we were looking at how the system worked and that's as far as it got really. So it was really just from our point of view a discussion of how we use it on a day to day basis. How I guess the assets are visible to us, how our planned preventative maintenance is built into that and the timeframes that we work to and how that's kind of prompted to us so that we don't miss anything. And then, and then on the flip side to that is more the reactive side. So anything that comes in a faulty light, a higher temperature, anything that we're not aware of that will land on the system and that we're sort of constantly checking if you like. And it's better, you know, I think everybody knows it's probably. There probably are gaps with, with the current, I guess levels of access.
[6:35] BROWN U.: My guys can't physically if they're out on the floors in the operational field, if you like, there's no PDA that they can sort of react to quickly. It'll be a case of finishing one job, coming back to the office again, checking the system to see if anything's been uploaded, checking the emails to see if any emails have come through about any particular tasks. So you know, there's that side of it and then there's kind of the, the intuitive side at month end that it probably doesn't give us much in terms of reporting. So we tot up the numbers, if you like, the reactive and PPM numbers that I present to Sam manually. And it, you know, you probably expect it to do a little bit more really ServiceNow, I guess.
[7:31] Hannah R.: Okay, understood. So reporting would be one of the areas that we
[7:35] BROWN U.: think
[7:35] Hannah R.: you get more value of our servicenow. Okay, and how many different like types of facilities, services do you have today in Sherwell? Is it like structured based on the category? There's different workflows or approvals, things like that.
[7:53] BROWN U.: Yeah. So there are different levels of priority. There are P1s and P2s.
[7:59] Hannah R.: Yeah,
[7:59] BROWN U.: I think there's some question mark around how they're kind of structured because we have had P1s which from my previous experience would be like a one to four hour response, but you kind of give them maybe an hour and a half to respond to that. So if you don't respond to that, then that job could potentially fail and then that would have a knock on effect to your end of month statistics, if you see what I mean. So a four hour really should be a four hour and then the clock should tick from when that task is reported. And likewise a P1 could be. Generally a P1 will be a reactive task. PPMs tend to have planned preventive maintenance, tend to have their own categories. So if you look at the screen on the left hand side, you can go into the PPM scheduling tool which will show you what you've got planned for the month and then the PPM reporting tool, which is basically what you've managed to achieve so far. So it's pretty basic
[9:04] Hannah R.: in
[9:05] BROWN U.: terms of what it's kind of presenting to you, but you've got to really sort of dig around to get it. And sometimes like I say, yeah, those time frames can get shorter or longer
[9:20] Hannah R.: and
[9:21] BROWN U.: it can get a little bit confusing.
[9:23] Hannah R.: Understood. So as part of this project, would you be looking to kind of enhance how you manage those SLAs going forward? So maybe moving away from that P1, P2 structure, something a bit more aligned
[9:35] BROWN U.: to. Yeah, yeah, I guess so. I mean I've worked on a P1 to P4 program before, whereas a P4 would be maybe something less urgent, you know, 20, 28 days. So for instance, if that's a project and you're waiting on parts or there's difficulties, you know, with access or whatever, you could put that on a longer time frame. Certainly P ones, you'd still want to keep those within scope. Yeah, but have those kind of rigid to four hours.
[10:07] Hannah R.: Okay.
[10:08] Aylieff, 1.: P2 is generally.
[10:11] BROWN U.: Sorry,
[10:11] Aylieff, 1.: sorry. Jumping. Also some of the reactive tasks don't always go to M and E. Someone goes to cleaners, some may go to the caterers, stuff like that. There's other departments will need access to it as well. Not to the, to the level that Ashley's team do, but just like to get the email to say, okay, there's spillage on the carpet or one the coffee machines isn't open. Ask Connect use it for that as well.
[10:30] Hannah R.: Okay, understood. So it's like the majority of the requests or tasks managed by email
[10:37] Aylieff, 1.: today.
[10:37] Hannah R.: Yes, notifications come through. Okay. And is there a way that customers can call up and that will automatically log a request?
[10:47] Aylieff, 1.: Yes, they
[10:48] BROWN U.: can call
[10:48] Aylieff, 1.: up and off. The Ask Connect team will physically put the request into the show. Well, but majority of people do actually do it via email because
[10:55] Hannah R.: it's
[10:56] Aylieff, 1.: just quicker and easier.
[10:57] Hannah R.: Okay, understood, Understood.
[11:00] BROWN U.: We do sometimes get an email as well. An email related tasks that we'll. We'll go and deal with. And then my guys will sort of retro. Retrospectively log the job so that we've captured it, if you like, if people don't go through the channel. So I suppose you'd want people really, as Sam said, to go through the proper channel, really. But there are occasions where we just react.
[11:20] Hannah R.: Yeah.
[11:21] BROWN U.: And then we'll try and log that job so that it's captured as well.
[11:24] Hannah R.: Okay, perfect. And when all of those jobs or requests come through, is that then sat in a central queue and then it's manually assigned to someone in the team to work on or how does that whole assignment process work?
[11:39] BROWN U.: So it is. It is really. There's nothing too technical about it. It's a case of coming back and logging onto the system and seeing if anything's landed and anything. If anything else has appeared in the email box, which is a joint. A joint box for the engineers. Yeah. You know, again, if it's a P1 that's landed, then it will be sort of highlighted in red, so you'll see that something's there. But the guys are constantly checking both systems to see if anything urgent's come through.
[12:12] Hannah R.: Okay.
[12:14] BROWN U.: So I guess ideally, you know, if you could get notified that something had occurred without having to sort of come back, and whether that's some kind of software on their phones or a separate PDA where they could close the job down in real time as well, because that's been a problem at times when we're really busy and we don't get back to the office to close the job down in time. That can then sort of have an impact in terms of us maybe not communicating to
[12:42] Hannah R.: the
[12:43] BROWN U.: customer that the job's been completed or again at the back end of the month, you could think, well, actually I did that in time, but it's showing that it failed. So real time closeout and communication would be great. I think
[12:58] Hannah R.: the
[12:58] BROWN U.: capabilities are there with the technology these days.
[13:01] Hannah R.: Yeah, we'll capture that as a pain point and something to focus on in the workshop. So
[13:05] BROWN U.: I'm
[13:06] Hannah R.: also thinking something we could explore is when all of those requests come through, how can we maybe automatically assign it to the right team member based on capacity, the priority, their skill set, things like that? That's something that ServiceNow is quite good at doing.
[13:23] BROWN U.: Yeah.
[13:24] Hannah R.: Okay.
[13:28] BROWN U.: I think. Did. Did the cleaners get the Same screen. Sam, do you know, does
[13:33] Aylieff, 1.: everybody ever use it? Because it never quite worked on the mobile phones. Yeah. And obviously they don't have access to computers, the cleaners, they've only got their mobile phone, so it hasn't really ever worked properly for them.
[13:47] BROWN U.: Yeah, yeah. I think what we can do is we can go into the system and just sort of filter the engineering tasks, but I think you could sort of broaden it out and see everything else that's been logged for the other teams as well. So, yeah, the capacity is there, but obviously we just look at our really
[14:07] Hannah R.: at the
[14:07] BROWN U.: moment.
[14:09] Hannah R.: So my takeaway from that is when we're going through the design, making sure we're mindful of the experience for everyone that's using the system, specifically the kind of cleaner population. Is that fair?
[14:20] Aylieff, 1.: Yeah, I think it just needs to make sure it's adaptable to mobile phones because
[14:23] BROWN U.: I think that's
[14:24] Aylieff, 1.: the main problem, because it's just a PC and
[14:26] BROWN U.: no
[14:27] Aylieff, 1.: one's really at the desk all the time. I think that's the main point that never actually. We never got to stage two for it to actually work on mobile phones.
[14:35] Hannah R.: Good. Yeah. And are there, like, knowledge articles or, like, policies and FAQ documents available today? Like, if someone's got a question they need to ask the team about, is there any, like, documentation in terms of your processes that's available?
[14:55] Aylieff, 1.: Not them aware of? Not really,
[14:57] BROWN U.: no. Not that relates to that. I don't think
[15:00] Hannah R.: the system or do you have any process maps that have been documented just
[15:11] BROWN U.: in terms of how we work to the system?
[15:14] Hannah R.: Yeah. I'm just thinking it would be useful for us to have visibility of, like, what is the. What are the different process steps? Right from the point when someone raises a request, who that then gets assigned to? What's the different criteria for a P1, a P2? What are the steps that are required to close that case? How is that then communicated if it doesn't exist? No problem. I just wondered if you had anything like that that we could.
[15:38] Aylieff, 1.: It may. It may exist, but it would be with the Ask Connect team, because obviously they will do that side of it. You know, we just see the output rather than their process. But they must have something in place to know who to send which request to, etc. Etc.
[15:51] Hannah R.: Okay, we'll pick that up with the Ask Connect team. Thank you. Would it be possible for us to have a screenshot of one of the reports that exist in Sherwell?
[16:05] BROWN U.: Yeah, yeah, I can. I can send that across.
[16:08] Hannah R.: Yeah. Thank you. That would Be helpful just as we're going into the workshop, thinking how we can take what you have today and use ServiceNow maybe to enhance that reporting capability.
[16:20] BROWN U.: Yeah. Okay. I'll pick a couple of examples where there have been a couple of anomalies as well, where it's been a little bit confusing around the priority time frames.
[16:31] Hannah R.: Yeah,
[16:31] BROWN U.: perfect. And I can talk through those as part of the workshop. Yeah,
[16:35] Hannah R.: yeah, that'd be great.
[16:36] BROWN U.: Thanks.
[16:36] Hannah R.: Okay.
[16:37] BROWN U.: Yep.
[16:42] Hannah R.: Josh, any questions from you?
[16:45] Josh S.: Yeah, are there any kind of compliance points that you need to. You'd like to surface that we should prioritize when we. When we get into this?
[16:57] BROWN U.: So one of the things it probably doesn't give us at the moment is so we have some statutory obligations as part of our planned preventative maintenance. So they're the compliance issues. What it doesn't do is it doesn't give you a full description and it doesn't advise to the guys that it is compliance, if you like. So they would treat every task as important as the other. But there should be kind of some flagging system to say this is compliance. And at the moment there seems to be some sort of abbreviated descriptions of tasks. If it's water, it's WTR that relate to Legionella or it might be tap temperature test. So you've got to pick the bones out of it, really, to understand what it is. So the descriptions around statutory compliance need to be beefed up a bit, I think.
[17:52] Josh S.: Understood. Okay.
[17:55] BROWN U.: Again, I can show you some screenshots and some examples.
[17:58] Josh S.: Yeah, please. That'd be great. Anything from yourself, Tim, at the
[18:10] Elsworth, 1.: moment? Yeah. Yeah, I've got a few to go at, if that's okay. So we. We spoke earlier about how the cases are currently raised. I'm a little bit confused about how the. How it works between ask connecting facilities. So our ask connects like your front end and they then assign the tickets to yourselves.
[18:33] Aylieff, 1.: Yes, Ask connect, all queries go to them. So if you want to book a room, if you notice village, or if your lights out, they're our main point of contact. So everyone would email us, connect. So they're kind of like our call center, like, you know, rals go off. Yes. So they'll get that and then they dispute to anyone that needs to know it. So if it's a cleaners, they'll send it to cleaners. If it's an M and E, you go to the guys. You know, if it's something to do with reception, they'll send reception team.
[18:56] Aylieff, 1.: So they're kind of all the crews go to them and then they kind of pass it out to what teams need to action it.
[19:02] Elsworth, 1.: Okay, so we mentioned as well before, this is all done well predominantly by email. Is that the email that goes to Ask Connect? Yeah.
[19:10] Aylieff, 1.: Or
[19:11] Elsworth, 1.: do you, Sam, have a mailbox for your team? And Ashley, do you have a mailbox for your team?
[19:17] Aylieff, 1.: It'll go to us, connect first and then it go out. I think some people, like the cleaners, have got an email addressing cleaners, cleaners. So that'll go to all the five cleaners that are on there during the day. Again, the M and E, they'll have a little group box that go through to them as well. So everyone's
[19:30] BROWN U.: got their
[19:31] Aylieff, 1.: own sort of area. So it'll just be sent out saying like reception, we've got reception London. That's their email address. So all the receptionists will get the, the query from their side. So, yes, it does get sent out to different mailboxes for each individual teams.
[19:43] Elsworth, 1.: Okay. So they divvy the work up to different mailboxes.
[19:46] Aylieff, 1.: Okay.
[19:47] Elsworth, 1.: You, you mentioned MNE or M, Andy?
[19:51] Aylieff, 1.: M. M
[19:51] Elsworth, 1.: and E.
[19:53] BROWN U.: Mechanical
[19:54] Aylieff, 1.: and
[19:55] BROWN U.: electrical.
[19:56] Elsworth, 1.: Mechanical
[19:56] BROWN U.: and engineering. Either one,
[19:58] Aylieff, 1.: yeah.
[20:00] Elsworth, 1.: Okay, Emily. So I, I, I, I heard cleaners. Did I hear hospitality? I've scribbled that down.
[20:07] Aylieff, 1.: Yes. Sometimes it goes to catering. Not
[20:09] Elsworth, 1.: very often.
[20:10] Aylieff, 1.: But like with the catering, they look after with coffee and water machines on the floors. So someone does report that one of them have gone down, that will go to the catering team.
[20:20] Elsworth, 1.: And then we've got all the receptions for all the different officers. Are there any other teams?
[20:24] Aylieff, 1.: No, I think that's mainly it. I'm just trying to think repo wouldn't go because it goes directly to them. Security. Yeah. I think my things mainly go straight to security.
[20:37] Elsworth, 1.: And this is from desk security, is it? It's not security as in cyber security or anything
[20:41] Aylieff, 1.: like that? No, there's security for the building. They do, they issue out our security cards, things like that. But again, it might be something, you know, it might be a question for Ask Connects. Maybe they do get one for security. So maybe we should add them onto the system as well.
[20:55] Elsworth, 1.: Okay, what else did I had? So, stepping back then, when we were talking about how you utilizing Sherwell, you said you have different categorization for pbm. What about the categorization for the, the fault, the faults that are being raised, do you, do you have
[21:19] BROWN U.: that or
[21:20] Elsworth, 1.: categorize?
[21:21] BROWN U.: It's
[21:21] Elsworth, 1.: pretty.
[21:22] BROWN U.: Yeah, it's pretty much the same. It's P1s and P2s. That's what we tend to see.
[21:27] Elsworth, 1.: Okay, so you have your priorities, but the categorization of the actual fault. Do you have like broken light on level four or.
[21:35] BROWN U.: Yeah, I mean, it'll be a description for Reactive Works, but for the planned preventative maintenance that's built into it. So where somebody's built that. That description of works into it, that's scheduled, that's where it tends to get abbreviated and difficult to understand.
[21:52] Elsworth, 1.: Okay, so it's just the long texts that you've received saying this needs fixing. There's no categorization on
[21:57] BROWN U.: reactives,
[21:58] Elsworth, 1.: right? On reactives,
[22:00] BROWN U.: yeah. Yeah. Unless anyone specifies urgency. I guess that. That would be a P1.
[22:07] Elsworth, 1.: Okay.
[22:07] BROWN U.: Okay. But we would get a full description within a text box for Reactive Works, whereas ppm, it's just a line that tells us that this needs to be done for this particular day, month, whatever.
[22:20] Elsworth, 1.: And do either of you get people contacting you directly, asking you to do things? Does it have to come through Connect?
[22:27] Aylieff, 1.: It should come through Connect for reporting basis, but they do come often come directly to people as well.
[22:33] Elsworth, 1.: Okay, and how do you manage that? Do you have to go back to Connect and ask them to raise a ticket or
[22:38] Aylieff, 1.: do you. Yeah,
[22:39] BROWN U.: sometimes
[22:39] Aylieff, 1.: we do. Depends on how busy everyone is, really. If you've got time, they will actually then send it back to Cost Connect or add it onto the system themselves. Then sometimes people just don't bother. They're just gonna, okay, I'll get this done and it's done. And that's
[22:51] BROWN U.: it.
[22:51] Elsworth, 1.: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah.
[22:53] BROWN U.: It's like I say, if our guys are stopped in the corridor and. And it's, you know, something that they can do, then they'll do it, but they'll come back and they can actually log the job on themselves. Just so that we capture it for the numbers, if you like, or for reference, we could.
[23:09] Elsworth, 1.: We can
[23:09] BROWN U.: do that. Okay. But generally that's once the job's closed, if it's a job that we just go and do. But I don't think we've ever gone back through ASC Connect to. To actually job log the job for us. I think the guys just
[23:22] Elsworth, 1.: have got capacity
[23:23] BROWN U.: to do that themselves.
[23:24] Elsworth, 1.: Yeah, okay, that's fine. That's fine. Okay. What sort of volumes are we looking at here per week request?
[23:33] BROWN U.: So figures for August, we had 68 reactive tasks. Twelve of those were statutory. That. That can. That can rise up to. I mean, it can be just shy of 100. We've had. We've had 98,9900 for the month since I've been here about sort of March time, I guess. It's seasonal Sam as well, isn't it?
[24:04] BROWN U.: School holidays, sometimes a bit quieter. PPMs can be anything from, yeah, 70, 80 PPMs per month, which will include, you know, say routine tasks like tap temperature tests, flushing of little used outlets, emergency light routines. It could be anything really. But again, that's then a mixture of the tasks that my guys are associated with, that they're tasked with or our subcontractors. So that information, you know, it's important that that's built into the front end of the system because that's not something that we can sort of manipulate or add to ourselves. They are, they're our KPI measures, if you like. Okay. They're what we're. And I think it's aligned to a system called SFG20.
[25:00] BROWN U.: Not sure if you're aware of that at all. That is a. Sam, I think you've got the license for SFG20. So basically what it gives you the capacity to do is if we're changing a box filter on an air handling unit, then SFG 20 dictates how that should be done. And it's quite, it's quite prescriptive about how you know that, that that task has to be done safely, in accordance and in accordance with standards. So I believe that Most of our PPMs are aligned to SFG 20.
[25:40] Elsworth, 1.: Okay.
[25:40] BROWN U.: Okay. So that's, it's one to take, to take on board because I've worked with systems where, and it's quite, it's quite handy to have it if it's built. If SFG 20 is incorporated within your system, then my guys can use it as a reference point. When the PPMs come up, they can print off that particular task or they can refer back to it to find out, you know, how it should be done if they're not aware. So I know a lot of systems these days do have capacity for that. Whether there's any plans for it or not, I don't know. But it is just something to bear in mind. That's the industry standard, if you like
[26:17] Elsworth, 1.: how
[26:17] BROWN U.: we operate.
[26:19] Elsworth, 1.: Okay. And you mentioned third party contractors. You get in, do they close the ticket down or do your engineers keep ownership of it until they've closed it and
[26:31] BROWN U.: then they.
[26:32] Elsworth, 1.: So we,
[26:33] BROWN U.: we're responsible for closing everything down.
[26:36] Elsworth, 1.: So
[26:36] BROWN U.: once we're provided with the service sheet, then we will, we will close the task.
[26:44] Elsworth, 1.: No good. It's good for me, thanks.
[26:48] Josh S.: Did we. Apologies if we already spoke about it. I don't see it in My nose. But do we speak about approvals? Is there a need for approvals in the system for activities?
[27:00] BROWN U.: I don't think so.
[27:01] Josh S.: No,
[27:01] Aylieff, 1.: I don't think
[27:02] BROWN U.: there'll be any.
[27:15] Josh S.: I think I had a question around assets. Yeah. Especially with the preventative, with the PPM stuff. Yeah. Are they linked to actual kind of asset databases?
[27:26] BROWN U.: Yeah, yeah, I believe so. So when the system, when the system was first set up, I think all of your assets have to be uploaded. So all, all of your, you know, all of your identification numbers, your specific plan has to be uploaded into the system so that it references what you're actually maintaining.
[27:49] Josh S.: Oh, got it.
[27:52] BROWN U.: Quite a big task, I think.
[27:54] Josh S.: Yeah.
[27:54] Elsworth, 1.: But so that's
[27:55] BROWN U.: already. It's a fairly new building so I'd imagine that that details available.
[28:00] Elsworth, 1.: Is that already uploaded into
[28:02] BROWN U.: show or then?
[28:02] Elsworth, 1.: Yeah,
[28:04] BROWN U.: the only, the only thing is as I say, everything seems to be kind of abbreviated
[28:09] Elsworth, 1.: so
[28:10] BROWN U.: it's not, it's not obvious what, what it is. You have to sort of, you
[28:15] Elsworth, 1.: know,
[28:15] BROWN U.: sort of interpret it and have a look and figure
[28:18] Elsworth, 1.: it out
[28:18] BROWN U.: and my guys are pretty well experienced so they tend to know. But coming in, you know, quite cold to it, it was, it was a bit difficult to understand what was what really. And, and then again if you add any plant in or if you have a program of, you know, replacement that should be uploaded as well. So if you make, you know, capacity to make changes to the system, if you demobilize or take something out of the system you don't use anymore, if that PPM then comes off of your program, then yeah, you should have the capacity to be able to do that.
[28:59] Elsworth, 1.: That's all good for me. Anything from anyone else at this moment in time,
[29:05] Josh S.: I think question wise for for now, I'm good. I look forward to getting into what reports could look like and what, how we could set it up, service category, categorization wise, etc. But I don't think that's detail for now. No, for me, I'm good. Hannah.
[29:22] Hannah R.: All good for me too. I think it's been a useful introduction and overview. We appreciate your, your time sharing that with us.
[29:30] Richardson, 1.: Cool. So I guess Josh and have you got. If you need to send out meeting invites, create agendas, you know, we know who can invite to those workshops. Do we at the moment or do we need some more information around?
[29:44] Josh S.: Probably people. Yeah, people to invite workshops
[29:48] Richardson, 1.: is a good
[29:49] Josh S.: point. Yeah.
[29:50] Richardson, 1.: So I guess Samash, I mean, are you clear in terms of who would need to attend these, these workshops? Next stage?
[29:57] Aylieff, 1.: Yeah,
[29:58] Josh S.: yeah,
[29:59] Richardson, 1.: yeah. Lovely. Yeah. So would you mind sending me the names through then if you don't mind. So I've
[30:03] BROWN U.: got a list
[30:03] Richardson, 1.: of the names, email addresses and I can add them into the, into the list then and make sure that Josh and Hannah invite obviously relevant people to the workshops. And I guess Josh, I mean you can formulate an agenda from what we discussed and obviously get workshop into calendar once we get those names through.
[30:21] Hannah R.: Yeah, good suggestion Car. I think what would be useless if we propose what sessions we would run, what the agenda looks like and then
[30:29] Richardson, 1.: we can maybe
[30:30] Hannah R.: validate with Ashley and Samantha before we circulate that to the broader team. It
[30:34] Richardson, 1.: would be great
[30:34] Hannah R.: just to make sure completely comfortable with what we're covering off, what's the value of it, et cetera.
[30:40] Richardson, 1.: Yeah, lovely. That works. So yeah, fire an agenda across to me so I can socialize it with the team here and then we'll come back and obviously give any feedback on that. And in the meantime, I guess Ashley, Sam, if you could just feed me through the names of the people that's been involved in the workshops. I can obviously get. Let Anna and Josh know then who needs to be brought along to those as well? So I mean just, just FYI, Josh, Anna, I think Ashley and Sam, you're both based in the London office, aren't you? Yeah, as well. So, so any, any face to face workshops we need can be done in, in London also.
[31:16] Richardson, 1.: So.
[31:17] Hannah R.: Perfect.
[31:18] Richardson, 1.: Okay. Could I stand on to Tim, Anna and Josh, if you don't mind, if that's okay. Just two minutes and, and actually thank you very much for joining the the call.
[31:28] Aylieff, 1.: Lovely, thanks.
[31:29] BROWN U.: Nice to meet you. Yeah,
[31:29] Josh S.: no problem. Nice
[31:30] Richardson, 1.: to meet you.
[31:31] Aylieff, 1.: Bye.
[31:31] BROWN U.: Bye.
[31:31] Elsworth, 1.: Take care.
[31:32] BROWN U.: Bye.
[31:32] Josh S.: Bye.
[31:32] Richardson, 1.: Bye. Should have a chat about supernormal
[31:41] Hannah R.: remove.
[31:42] Richardson, 1.: Yeah.